That's right, Director Yang is right?
It's a blood relative anyway
How can you just put someone up your nose?
Yeah, a little conflict happened.
Just kill your own sister
What kind of blood kinship will there be in the future?
Miss comrade, did you hear that?
Aunt-in-law bickering is a domestic affair
Let Tingting out quickly
I'll make another suitable one then.
Let your sister-in-law be at peace
The director is really a nice person
This thought did this to him before
He doesn't hold grudges
Now I want to help persuade
Or they are women's directors
This realization is arrogance
Miss comrade
Come with me to the police station
I promise as long as you sincerely apologize
Tingting will definitely forgive you.
Director Yang is right
There is no such thing as aunt-in-law crime.
Is this a sister-in-law crime?
Zhu Tingting found someone to kidnap my daughter
Want to extort money
My daughter hates losing her life
Zhu Tingting is not my daughter who called the police to arrest people
It was the police who caught the kidnapper
They hooked him out